src/pages/keynote.md, before:

---
title: "Keynote Announced"
menutitle: "Keynote"
description: 'We are thrilled to announce Dr. Yang Li as our Keynote Speaker. Dr. Li comes with a rich background in the intersection of Human Computer Interaction and Artificial Intelligence, with significant contributions to on-device interactive ML and user experience improvement.'
---

### About Dr. Yang Li

[Dr. Yang Li](https://yangl.org/) is a Senior Staff Research Scientist at Google Research and an affiliate faculty member at the University of Washington CSE. With a Ph.D. in Computer Science from the Chinese Academy of Sciences and postdoctoral research at UC Berkeley EECS, Dr. Li's expertise spans the critical intersection of Human Computer Interaction and Artificial Intelligence.

#### Research Focus

Dr. Li's research interests center on general deep learning, models for solving human interactive intelligence, and enhancing user experiences. He is a pioneer in on-device interactive machine learning on Android, developing groundbreaking product features like next app prediction and Gesture Search.

#### Contributions and Publications

Yang has published extensively in top-tier venues across both the HCI and ML fields, including CHI, UIST, ICML, ACL, EMNLP, CVPR, NeurIPS (NIPS), ICLR, and KDD. He has served as an area chair or senior area (track) chair in these fields, showcasing his leadership and dedication to advancing research at the intersection of HCI and AI.

#### Editorial Work

Yang is also an editor of the Springer book on AI for HCI: A Modern Approach, contributing to the broader understanding and application of AI technologies to enhance human-computer interactions.

### Keynote Session

In his keynote, Dr. Li will delve into the challenges and opportunities at the forefront of Human-AI systems, drawing on his extensive research and practical experience. He will explore the future of synergistic Human-AI collaboration, emphasizing the importance of designing AI that complements human intelligence and creativity.

Join us for this insightful session that will illuminate the pathways towards more meaningful and effective Human-AI partnerships.

We look forward to welcoming you to an engaging and inspiring keynote session with Dr. Yang Li.

Commit message:

Update keynote description with session details

src/pages/keynote.md, after:

---
title: "Keynote Announced"
menutitle: "Keynote"
description: 'Dr. Yang Li will deliver the keynote titled "Empowering UI Design with Human-AI Co-Creation". Dr. Li comes with a rich background in the intersection of Human Computer Interaction and Artificial Intelligence, with significant contributions to on-device interactive ML and user experience improvement.'
---

### About Dr. Yang Li

[Dr. Yang Li](https://yangl.org/) is a Senior Staff Research Scientist at Google Research and an affiliate faculty member at the University of Washington CSE. With a Ph.D. in Computer Science from the Chinese Academy of Sciences and postdoctoral research at UC Berkeley EECS, Dr. Li's expertise spans the critical intersection of Human Computer Interaction and Artificial Intelligence.

#### Research Focus

Dr. Li's research interests center on general deep learning, models for solving human interactive intelligence, and enhancing user experiences. He is a pioneer in on-device interactive machine learning on Android, developing groundbreaking product features like next app prediction and Gesture Search.

#### Contributions and Publications

Yang has published extensively in top-tier venues across both the HCI and ML fields, including CHI, UIST, ICML, ACL, EMNLP, CVPR, NeurIPS (NIPS), ICLR, and KDD. He has served as an area chair or senior area (track) chair in these fields, showcasing his leadership and dedication to advancing research at the intersection of HCI and AI.

#### Editorial Work

Yang is also an editor of the Springer book on AI for HCI: A Modern Approach, contributing to the broader understanding and application of AI technologies to enhance human-computer interactions.

### Keynote Session

In his keynote, Dr. Li will delve into the challenges and opportunities at the forefront of Human-AI systems, drawing on his extensive research and practical experience. He will explore the future of synergistic Human-AI collaboration, emphasizing the importance of designing AI that complements human intelligence and creativity. The session titled "Empowering UI Design with Human-AI Co-Creation" will highlight innovative strategies for integrating AI into user interface design to enhance both functionality and user experience.

Join us for this insightful session that will illuminate the pathways towards more meaningful and effective Human-AI partnerships.

We look forward to welcoming you to an engaging and inspiring keynote session with Dr. Yang Li.
